README.md, before:

# AwesomePentestingResources
> A list of resources that I built up over the past few years in Cyber Security. Additionally, I have some other GitHub pages including one with [Pentesting Scripts](https://github.com/KyhleOhlinger/PentestScripts) if you're interested.

## Table of Contents
- [Active Directory](#active-directory)
    + [Active Directory Blogs](#active-directory-blogs)
    + [Active Directory Building Blocks](#active-directory-building-blocks)
    + [Abusing Exchange](#abusing-exchange)
    + [Abusing ACLs](#abusing-acls)
    + [Kerberoasting](#kerberoasting)
    + [AS-REP Roasting](#as-rep-roasting)
    + [Abusing GPOs](#abusing-gpos)
    + [Abusing LAPS](#abusing-laps)
  * [AD Tooling](#ad-tooling)
    + [Bloodhound](#bloodhound)
    + [Cobalt Strike](#cobalt-strike)
  * [Attacking Active Directory](#attacking-active-directory)
    + [Host Configuration Checks](#host-configuration-checks)
    + [User Enumeration](#user-enumeration)
    + [Active Directory](#active-directory-1)
    + [Powershell Scipts](#powershell-scipts)
  * [Red Teaming](#red-teaming)
- [Bug Bounties](#bug-bounties)
- [Threat Modelling](#threat-modelling)
    + [DrawIO](#drawio)
- [Cloud Pentesting](#cloud-pentesting)
  * [Azure](#azure)
- [Web App and Web Services](#web-app-and-web-services)
- [Thick Client](#thick-client)
    + [Thick Client Tools](#thick-client-tools)
- [ICS and OT](#ics-and-ot)
    + [SCADA](#scada)
- [Incident Response](#incident-response)
    + [Digital Forensics and Incident Response](#digital-forensics-and-incident-response)
    + [DFIR Tools and Playbooks](#dfir-tools-and-playbooks)
    + [DFIR Search Engines](#dfir-search-engines)
- [Privilege Escalation](#privilege-escalation)
- [DNS Attacks](#dns-attacks)
- [Openshift](#openshift)
- [Message Queue](#message-queue)
    + [Message Queue and Broker Injection](#message-queue-and-broker-injection)
- [Additional Interesting Resources](#additional-interesting-resources)
    + [Exploitation Resources](#exploitation-resources)
    + [Cool Links](#cool-links)
- [Follow Me](#follow-me)

# Active Directory
### Active Directory Blogs
- [AD Security](https://adsecurity.org/)
- [DS Internals](https://www.dsinternals.com/en/)

### Active Directory Building Blocks

- [What is NetBIOS](https://www.lifewire.com/netbios-software-protocol-818229)
- [NTLM vs Kerberos](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/sql_protocols/2006/12/02/understanding-kerberos-and-ntlm-authentication-in-sql-server-connections/) 
- [Service Principal Names](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/autz_auth_stuff/2011/04/28/what-is-a-spn-and-why-should-you-care/)
- [ACLs with BloodHound](https://wald0.com/?p=112)
- [MITRE Tactics](https://attack.mitre.org/wiki/Lateral_Movement)
- [MITRE Techniques](https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/)
- [MITRE Privilege Escalation](https://attack.mitre.org/wiki/Privilege_Escalation)
- [Lateral Movement Mitigations](https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/the_9z_by_chris_davis/2014/02/14/mitigating-the-risk-of-lateral-movement/)
- [Pass-the-Hash](https://www.dsinternals.com/wp-content/uploads/pth_wug_2015.pdf)
- [Attacking Domain Trusts](http://www.harmj0y.net/blog/redteaming/a-guide-to-attacking-domain-trusts/)
- [Abusing Group Policy Preference](https://www.pentestpartners.com/security-blog/abusing-group-policy-preferences-to-elevate-privileges/)
- [Abusing Group Policy Preference - Rapid 7](https://blog.rapid7.com/2016/07/27/pentesting-in-the-real-world-group-policy-pwnage)
- [Understanding Active Directory Objects](http://www.tech-faq.com/active-directory-objects.html)
- [Modern AD Attacks, Prevention, and Detection](http://slideplayer.com/slide/4886893/)
- [What is Single Sign-On](https://auth0.com/blog/what-is-and-how-does-single-sign-on-work/)
- [Using IWA for SSO](https://kb.globalscape.com/KnowledgebaseArticle11035.aspx)
- [IWA and other AD Authentication Protocols](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSMKHH_9.0.0/com.ibm.etools.mft.doc/bp62000_.htm)
- [ActiveDirectory For The Security Professional](https://www.blackhat.com/docs/us-16/materials/us-16-Metcalf-Beyond-The-MCSE-Active-Directory-For-The-Security-Professional.pdf)
- [Common AD Security Issues](https://adsecurity.org/?p=1684)
- [Risks with Hybrid AD Solutions](https://www.slideshare.net/QuestSoftware/identifying-hybrid-ad-security-risks-with-continuous-assessment)
- [Attacking AD With Powerview](https://www.slideshare.net/harmj0y/i-have-the-powerview)
- [AD Beyond the Easy Button](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZScrF6JxeQ&feature=youtu.be&t=87)
- [Hardening Windows AD](https://github.com/PaulSec/awesome-windows-domain-hardening)
- [Cyber Kill Chain](https://github.com/infosecn1nja/AD-Attack-Defense/blob/master/README.md)

### Abusing Exchange
- [One API Call Away from DA](https://dirkjanm.io/abusing-exchange-one-api-call-away-from-domain-admin/)

### Abusing ACLs
- [ACE up the Sleeve](https://www.specterops.io/assets/resources/an_ace_up_the_sleeve.pdf)
- [Access Rights](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/desktop/secauthz/directory-services-access-rights)
- [Access Rights and Access Masks](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/desktop/secauthz/access-rights-and-access-masks)
- [Access Control Entries](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/desktop/secauthz/access-control-entries)
- [Access Control Lists](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/desktop/secauthz/access-control-lists)
- [The Dog Whisperers Handbook](https://www.ernw.de/download/BloodHoundWorkshop/ERNW_DogWhispererHandbook.pdf)
 
### Kerberoasting
- [Kerberoasting without Mimikatz](https://www.harmj0y.net/blog/powershell/kerberoasting-without-mimikatz/)
- [Hackernoon Kerberoasting](https://hackernoon.com/kerberoasting-f080cd03e8cd)

### AS-REP Roasting
- [Roasting AS Reps](https://www.harmj0y.net/blog/activedirectory/roasting-as-reps/)
- [More Roasting with AS-Reps](https://blog.xpnsec.com/kerberos-attacks-part-2/)

### Abusing GPOs
- [Abusing GPO Permissions](https://www.harmj0y.net/blog/redteaming/abusing-gpo-permissions/)
- [Red Teamers Guide to GPOs and OUs](https://wald0.com/?p=179)
- [Where my Admins at](https://www.harmj0y.net/blog/redteaming/where-my-admins-at-gpo-edition/)
- [GPO Abuse Part 1](https://rastamouse.me/2019/01/gpo-abuse-part-1/)
- [GPO Abuse Part 2](https://rastamouse.me/2019/01/gpo-abuse-part-2/)
- [Obtaining GPO Name, Guid, and SID](https://www.shellandco.net/blog/2014/02/04/get-the-gpo-name-guid-and-sid/)

### Abusing LAPS
- [Intro to LAPS](https://rastamouse.me/2018/03/laps---part-1/)
- [Abusing LAPS for persistence](https://rastamouse.me/2018/03/laps---part-2/)

## AD Tooling
### Bloodhound
- [Getting Started](https://github.com/BloodHoundAD/BloodHound/wiki/Getting-started)
- [Downloading Neo4j](https://neo4j.com/download/)
- [Installing Bloodhound in Kali](https://stealingthe.network/quick-guide-to-installing-bloodhound-in-kali-rolling/)
- [Using Bloodhound to map the Domain](https://hausec.com/2017/10/26/using-bloodhound-to-map-the-user-network/)
- [Cypher Query Cheetsheet](https://neo4j.com/docs/cypher-refcard/current/)

### Cobalt Strike
- [Beacons](https://www.cobaltstrike.com/help-beacon)
- [SMB Beacons](https://www.cobaltstrike.com/help-smb-beacon)
- [Pentesting with Cobalt Strike](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XVKRDSLxEeU&list=PL85B4C2D2703F3BBB)

## Attacking Active Directory
### Host Configuration Checks
- [Windows Enumeration](https://github.com/411Hall/JAWS)
- [Windows Exploits](https://github.com/bitsadmin/wesng)
- [Linux Enumeration](https://github.com/Z3R0th-13/LinEnum)

### User Enumeration
- [Office 365 User Enumeration](https://bitbucket.org/grimhacker/office365userenum/src/master/)
- [LDAP User Enumeration](https://github.com/sensepost/UserEnum)

### Active Directory
- [Procmon](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/downloads/procmon)
- [Sysinternals](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/downloads/)
- [Ping Castle](https://github.com/vletoux/pingcastle)
- [Rubues](https://github.com/GhostPack/Rubeus)
- [Sharp GPO Abuse](https://github.com/FSecureLABS/SharpGPOAbuse)
- [Awesome Collection of Pentesting Tools](https://github.com/mgeeky/Penetration-Testing-Tools/)

### Powershell Scipts
- [Run powershell with DLLs](https://github.com/p3nt4/PowerShdll)
- [AD Recon](https://github.com/PyroTek3/PowerShell-AD-Recon)
- [Federation Endpoint](https://github.com/NetSPI/PowerShell)
- [Get-SPN](https://gallery.technet.microsoft.com/scriptcenter/Get-SPN-Get-Service-3bd5524a)
- [Mail Sniper](https://github.com/dafthack/MailSniper)
- [o365 Recon](https://github.com/nyxgeek/o365recon)
- [Powerview](https://github.com/PowerShellMafia/PowerSploit/tree/dev/Recon)
- [Sharphound](https://github.com/BloodHoundAD/SharpHound)
- [Automated AD Lab Setup](https://outflank.nl/blog/2018/03/30/automated-ad-and-windows-test-lab-deployments-with-invoke-adlabdeployer/)

## Red Teaming
- [Setting up Red Team Infrastructure](https://github.com/bluscreenofjeff/Red-Team-Infrastructure-Wiki)
- [Red Team MindMap](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Dtqg0aKW4AQ48uT.jpg)
- [DarthSidious Book on Attacking AD](https://github.com/chryzsh/DarthSidious/)
- [Breaching the Perimeter](https://medium.com/@adam.toscher/top-five-ways-the-red-team-breached-the-external-perimeter-262f99dc9d17)
- [Red Teaming by Vincent Yiu](https://vincentyiu.com/red-team)

# Bug Bounties
- [How to Shot Web - 2015](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-FAjxUOKbdI&feature=youtu.be)
- [Bug Bounty Hunter Methodology V1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4ZHAdI8o1w)
- [Bug Bounty Hunter Methodology V2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qw1nNPiH_Go)
- [Bug Hunters Metholodogy - Book](https://github.com/jhaddix/tbhm)

# Threat Modelling
- [What is Threat Modelling](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Threat_model)
- [Threat Modelling Reference Guide](https://henryhoggard.co.uk/blog/Threat-Model-Reference-Guide)
- [Introduction to Threat Modelling](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GqmQg-cszw4&t=2411s)
- [Threat Modelling in 2019](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZoxHIpzaZ6U)
- [OWASP - Threat Modelling](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Category:Threat_Modeling)

### DrawIO
- [DrawIO for Threat Modelling](https://michenriksen.com/blog/drawio-for-threat-modeling/)
- [DrawIO DFD Model](https://github.com/michenriksen/drawio-threatmodeling)

# Cloud Pentesting
## Azure
- [AD Leaks via Azure](https://www.blackhillsinfosec.com/red-teaming-microsoft-part-1-active-directory-leaks-via-azure/)
- [Azure and Powershell](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/azure/install-az-ps?view=azps-2.7.0&viewFallbackFrom=azurermps-6.8.1)

# Web App and Web Services
- [What are Web Services](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Web_Services)
- [Beginners Guide to Web Services](http://www.guru99.com/webservice-testing-beginner-guide.html)
- [What is a web Service and How to Test it](http://www.softwaretestingclass.com/what-is-web-service-how-it-is-tested/)
- [Pentesting RESTful Web Services](https://www.slideshare.net/secfigo/pentesting-restful-webservices)
- [REST Web Services CheatSheet](https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/cheatsheets/REST_Assessment_Cheat_Sheet.html)
- [SmartBear Web Services Editor](https://support.smartbear.com/testcomplete/docs/app-testing/web/services/editor/index.html)
- [SoapUI Web Services Editor](https://www.soapui.org/tutorials/tutorial-data-driven-testing.html)

# Thick Client
- [Pentesting Thick Clients - Crash Course](https://www.slideshare.net/nullbind/thick-application-penetration-testing-crash-course)
- [Pentesting Thick Clients](https://www.slideshare.net/sanjucsrf/thick-client-application-security-assessment?next_slideshow=1)
- [Setting up a VPN with PPTP](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-setup-your-own-vpn-with-pptp)

### Thick Client Tools
- [Procmon](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-za/sysinternals/downloads/procmon)
- [ILSpy](https://github.com/icsharpcode/ILSpy)
- [DNSpy](https://github.com/0xd4d/dnSpy)
- [De4Dot](https://github.com/0xd4d/de4dot)

# ICS and OT
- [Know your ICS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7qNCU8_Wpc)
- [Attacks and Threats](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uSuHEhjhPE)
- [S4 Events](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5MdLu7ji_eyGiTfigk75lQ)
- [Risk Management and Executive Communication](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVVlDOxE1mE)
- [The ICS Cyber Kill Chain](https://www.sans.org/cyber-security-summit/archives/file/summit-archive-1493413730.pdf)

### SCADA
- [Pentesting SCADA](https://research.aurainfosec.io/scada-penetration-testing/)
- [Pentesting SCADA / DCS](https://www.sans.org/cyber-security-summit/archives/file/summit-archive-1493758822.pdf)
- [Discovering and Enumerating BACnet Devices](https://nmap.org/nsedoc/scripts/bacnet-info.html)
- [Collection of ICS/SCADA Resources](https://www.robertmlee.org/a-collection-of-resources-for-getting-started-in-icsscada-cybersecurity/)
- [Library of ICS Resources](https://www.scadahacker.com/library/index.html)

# Incident Response
### Digital Forensics and Incident Response
- [SANS DF and IR Blog](https://digital-forensics.sans.org/blog)
- [IR Tools and Resources](https://github.com/meirwah/awesome-incident-response)
- [Forensic Analysis Tools and Resources](https://github.com/cugu/awesome-forensics)
- [iOS and Mobile Forensics](https://salt4n6.com/)
- [The Definitive Compendium Project](https://aboutdfir.com)
- [DFIR Training](https://www.dfir.training)

### DFIR Tools and Playbooks
- [Eric Zimmermans' Tools](https://ericzimmerman.github.io/#!index.md)
- [Incident Response Playbooks](https://www.incidentresponse.com/playbooks/)
- [A repository of Demisto Resources](https://www.demisto.com/resources/)
- [Incident Response Methodologies](https://github.com/certsocietegenerale/IRM)
- [DFIR Reources](https://github.com/The-Art-of-Hacking/h4cker/tree/master/dfir)
- [Flare VM -Fireeye](https://www.fireeye.com/services/freeware/flare-vm.html)
- [The Threat Hunters Playbook](https://github.com/Cyb3rWard0g/ThreatHunter-Playbook)
- [Collection of DFIR Training Tools](https://www.dfir.training/dfirtools/tools)
- [DFIR CheatSheet](https://www.jaiminton.com/cheatsheet/DFIR/)

### DFIR Search Engines
- [VirusTotal](https://www.virustotal.com)
- [Talos](https://talosintelligence.com/)
- [Hybrid Analysis](https://www.hybrid-analysis.com/)
- [PassiveTotal](https://community.riskiq.com/login)
- [Cryptolaemus](https://paste.cryptolaemus.com/)
- [PulseDive](https://pulsedive.com/)
- [AlienVault](https://www.alienvault.com)
- [Malshare](https://malshare.com/)

# Privilege Escalation
- [Windows Privilege Escalation Fundamentals](http://www.fuzzysecurity.com/tutorials/16.html)
- [Windows Privilege Escalation CheatSheet](http://it-ovid.blogspot.com/2012/02/windows-privilege-escalation.html?m=1)
- [Linux Enumeration & Privilege Escalation Cheatsheet](http://www.rebootuser.com/?p=1623#.VkIKBWdieWg)
- [Basic Linux Privilege Escalation](https://blog.g0tmi1k.com/2011/08/basic-linux-privilege-escalation/)
- [Pentesting CheatSheets](https://highon.coffee/blog/cheat-sheet/)
- [Exploiting Weak Folder Permissions](greyhathacker.net/?p=738)

# DNS Attacks
- [Attacking the Network Time Protocol](http://www.cs.bu.edu/~goldbe/papers/NTPattack.pdf)
- [How does DNS Tunneling Work](http://inside-out.xyz/technology/how-dns-tunneling-works.html)
- [Iodine](https://github.com/yarrick/iodine)
- [Detecting DNS Tunneling](https://www.sans.org/reading-room/whitepapers/dns/detecting-dns-tunneling-34152)

# Openshift
- [What is Openshift](https://www.openshift.com/)
- [OpenShift Best Practices](https://www.redhat.com/files/summit/session-assets/2018/S1030-Best-practices-for-OpenShift-high-availability-deployment-field-experience-Distribution.pdf)
- [Recommended Host Practices](ttps://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/3.6/scaling_performance/host_practices.html)
- [Openshift Enhancing RHEL](https://blog.openshift.com/openshift-protects-against-nasty-container-exploit/)

# Message Queue
- [What is IBM MQ](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSFKSJ_9.0.0/com.ibm.mq.pro.doc/q001020_.htm)
- [IBM MQ Security Overview](http://www.mqtechconference.com/sessions_v2017/MQTC_2017_IBM_MQ_Security-Overview.pdf)
- [Connection Authentication](www.mqtechconference.com/sessions_v2014/IBM_MQ_Connection_Authentication.pdf)
- [Connection Authentication & Channel Authentication Record interactions](https://www.ibm.com/developerworks/community/blogs/messaging/entry/Connection_Authentication_Channel_Authentication_interactions?lang=en)
- [A Pentesters Guide to Hacking ActiveMQ-Based JMS Applications](https://www.mcafee.com/us/resources/white-papers/foundstone/wp-pentesters-guide-hacking-activemq-jms-applications.pdf)
- [WebSphere MQ Security](https://labs.mwrinfosecurity.com/assets/BlogFiles/mwri-websphere-mq-security-white-paper-part1-2008-05-06.pdf)
- [WebSphere MQ 8.0 security deep dive](https://www.slideshare.net/MoragHughson/websphere-mq-v8-security-deep-dive)

### Message Queue and Broker Injection 
- [Broker and MQ Injection](https://www.slideshare.net/cr0hn/rootedcon-2016-broker-mq-injection)
- [Broker and MQ Injection - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NydCkS2xRYY)
- [Message Queue & Broker Injection tool](https://github.com/cr0hn/enteletaor)
- [Websphere MQ Message Formats](https://www.ibm.com/developerworks/websphere/library/techarticles/1001_xiao/1001_xiao.html)
- [Difference between MQ and Message Broker](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/19609705/difference-between-queue-manager-and-message-broker#19617774)
- [MQ PCF Programming](http://www.mqtechconference.com/sessions_v2015/MQ_PCF.pdf)
- [PCF Commands](https://middlewarenews.blogspot.co.za/2010/11/pcf-commands-middleware-news.html)
- [MQ Administration Interface (MQAI)](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSFKSJ_9.0.0/com.ibm.mq.adm.doc/q020070_.htm)

# Additional Interesting Resources
- [Wayback machine](web.archive.org)
- [Vulnhub](vulnhub.com)
- [SecurityNow Security Podcast](https://www.grc.com/securitynow.htm)
- [Attack Research - CarnalOwnage](http://carnal0wnage.attackresearch.com/)
- [Wargames](overthewire.org)

### Exploitation Resources
- [Wargames](http://pwnable.kr)
- [Fuzzy Security](http://fuzzysecurity.com)
- [Live Overflow](https://liveoverflow.com)
- [Cyber Campaigns](http://cybercampaigns.net)

### Cool Links
- [Hacking and Security FlipCards](http://hackingandsecurity.blogspot.com/2018/?view=flipcard)
- [Awesome Hacking Resources](https://github.com/vitalysim/Awesome-Hacking-Resources)
- [Payload All the Things](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings)
- [Bypassing AV with Golang](https://averagesecurityguy.github.io/2017/01/06/bypassing-av-with-golang/)
- [The Book of Secret Knowledge](https://github.com/trimstray/the-book-of-secret-knowledge)

# Follow Me

<img height="32" width="32" src="https://github.com/StackExchange/Stacks-Icons/blob/master/src/Icon/GitHub.svg" /> [Github: KyhleOhlinger](https://github.com/KyhleOhlinger)

<img height="32" width="32" src="https://github.com/StackExchange/Stacks-Icons/blob/master/src/Icon/LinkedIn.svg" /> [LinkedIn: Kyhle Ohlinger](https://za.linkedin.com/in/kyhleohlinger)

<img height="32" width="32" src="https://github.com/StackExchange/Stacks-Icons/blob/master/src/Icon/LogoGlyphMd.svg" /> [StackOverflow: Kyhle Ohlinger](https://stackoverflow.com/users/5114477/kyhle-ohlinger)

<img height="32" width="32" src="https://github.com/StackExchange/Stacks-Icons/blob/master/src/Icon/Twitter.svg" /> [Twitter: KyhleO](https://twitter.com/KyhleO)

Commit message:

Added in Threat Hunting on Windows

README.md, after:

# AwesomePentestingResources
> A list of resources that I built up over the past few years in Cyber Security. Additionally, I have some other GitHub pages including one with [Pentesting Scripts](https://github.com/KyhleOhlinger/PentestScripts) if you're interested.

## Table of Contents
- [Active Directory](#active-directory)
    + [Active Directory Blogs](#active-directory-blogs)
    + [Active Directory Building Blocks](#active-directory-building-blocks)
    + [Abusing Exchange](#abusing-exchange)
    + [Abusing ACLs](#abusing-acls)
    + [Kerberoasting](#kerberoasting)
    + [AS-REP Roasting](#as-rep-roasting)
    + [Abusing GPOs](#abusing-gpos)
    + [Abusing LAPS](#abusing-laps)
  * [AD Tooling](#ad-tooling)
    + [Bloodhound](#bloodhound)
    + [Cobalt Strike](#cobalt-strike)
  * [Attacking Active Directory](#attacking-active-directory)
    + [Host Configuration Checks](#host-configuration-checks)
    + [User Enumeration](#user-enumeration)
    + [Active Directory](#active-directory-1)
    + [Powershell Scipts](#powershell-scipts)
  * [Red Teaming](#red-teaming)
- [Bug Bounties](#bug-bounties)
- [Threat Modelling](#threat-modelling)
    + [DrawIO](#drawio)
- [Cloud Pentesting](#cloud-pentesting)
  * [Azure](#azure)
- [Web App and Web Services](#web-app-and-web-services)
- [Thick Client](#thick-client)
    + [Thick Client Tools](#thick-client-tools)
- [ICS and OT](#ics-and-ot)
    + [SCADA](#scada)
- [Incident Response](#incident-response)
    + [Digital Forensics and Incident Response](#digital-forensics-and-incident-response)
    + [DFIR Tools and Playbooks](#dfir-tools-and-playbooks)
    + [DFIR Search Engines](#dfir-search-engines)
- [Privilege Escalation](#privilege-escalation)
- [DNS Attacks](#dns-attacks)
- [Openshift](#openshift)
- [Message Queue](#message-queue)
    + [Message Queue and Broker Injection](#message-queue-and-broker-injection)
- [Additional Interesting Resources](#additional-interesting-resources)
    + [Exploitation Resources](#exploitation-resources)
    + [Cool Links](#cool-links)
- [Follow Me](#follow-me)

# Active Directory
### Active Directory Blogs
- [AD Security](https://adsecurity.org/)
- [DS Internals](https://www.dsinternals.com/en/)

### Active Directory Building Blocks

- [What is NetBIOS](https://www.lifewire.com/netbios-software-protocol-818229)
- [NTLM vs Kerberos](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/sql_protocols/2006/12/02/understanding-kerberos-and-ntlm-authentication-in-sql-server-connections/) 
- [Service Principal Names](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/autz_auth_stuff/2011/04/28/what-is-a-spn-and-why-should-you-care/)
- [ACLs with BloodHound](https://wald0.com/?p=112)
- [MITRE Tactics](https://attack.mitre.org/wiki/Lateral_Movement)
- [MITRE Techniques](https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/)
- [MITRE Privilege Escalation](https://attack.mitre.org/wiki/Privilege_Escalation)
- [Lateral Movement Mitigations](https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/the_9z_by_chris_davis/2014/02/14/mitigating-the-risk-of-lateral-movement/)
- [Pass-the-Hash](https://www.dsinternals.com/wp-content/uploads/pth_wug_2015.pdf)
- [Attacking Domain Trusts](http://www.harmj0y.net/blog/redteaming/a-guide-to-attacking-domain-trusts/)
- [Abusing Group Policy Preference](https://www.pentestpartners.com/security-blog/abusing-group-policy-preferences-to-elevate-privileges/)
- [Abusing Group Policy Preference - Rapid 7](https://blog.rapid7.com/2016/07/27/pentesting-in-the-real-world-group-policy-pwnage)
- [Understanding Active Directory Objects](http://www.tech-faq.com/active-directory-objects.html)
- [Modern AD Attacks, Prevention, and Detection](http://slideplayer.com/slide/4886893/)
- [What is Single Sign-On](https://auth0.com/blog/what-is-and-how-does-single-sign-on-work/)
- [Using IWA for SSO](https://kb.globalscape.com/KnowledgebaseArticle11035.aspx)
- [IWA and other AD Authentication Protocols](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSMKHH_9.0.0/com.ibm.etools.mft.doc/bp62000_.htm)
- [ActiveDirectory For The Security Professional](https://www.blackhat.com/docs/us-16/materials/us-16-Metcalf-Beyond-The-MCSE-Active-Directory-For-The-Security-Professional.pdf)
- [Common AD Security Issues](https://adsecurity.org/?p=1684)
- [Risks with Hybrid AD Solutions](https://www.slideshare.net/QuestSoftware/identifying-hybrid-ad-security-risks-with-continuous-assessment)
- [Attacking AD With Powerview](https://www.slideshare.net/harmj0y/i-have-the-powerview)
- [AD Beyond the Easy Button](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZScrF6JxeQ&feature=youtu.be&t=87)
- [Hardening Windows AD](https://github.com/PaulSec/awesome-windows-domain-hardening)
- [Cyber Kill Chain](https://github.com/infosecn1nja/AD-Attack-Defense/blob/master/README.md)

### Abusing Exchange
- [One API Call Away from DA](https://dirkjanm.io/abusing-exchange-one-api-call-away-from-domain-admin/)

### Abusing ACLs
- [ACE up the Sleeve](https://www.specterops.io/assets/resources/an_ace_up_the_sleeve.pdf)
- [Access Rights](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/desktop/secauthz/directory-services-access-rights)
- [Access Rights and Access Masks](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/desktop/secauthz/access-rights-and-access-masks)
- [Access Control Entries](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/desktop/secauthz/access-control-entries)
- [Access Control Lists](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/desktop/secauthz/access-control-lists)
- [The Dog Whisperers Handbook](https://www.ernw.de/download/BloodHoundWorkshop/ERNW_DogWhispererHandbook.pdf)
 
### Kerberoasting
- [Kerberoasting without Mimikatz](https://www.harmj0y.net/blog/powershell/kerberoasting-without-mimikatz/)
- [Hackernoon Kerberoasting](https://hackernoon.com/kerberoasting-f080cd03e8cd)

### AS-REP Roasting
- [Roasting AS Reps](https://www.harmj0y.net/blog/activedirectory/roasting-as-reps/)
- [More Roasting with AS-Reps](https://blog.xpnsec.com/kerberos-attacks-part-2/)

### Abusing GPOs
- [Abusing GPO Permissions](https://www.harmj0y.net/blog/redteaming/abusing-gpo-permissions/)
- [Red Teamers Guide to GPOs and OUs](https://wald0.com/?p=179)
- [Where my Admins at](https://www.harmj0y.net/blog/redteaming/where-my-admins-at-gpo-edition/)
- [GPO Abuse Part 1](https://rastamouse.me/2019/01/gpo-abuse-part-1/)
- [GPO Abuse Part 2](https://rastamouse.me/2019/01/gpo-abuse-part-2/)
- [Obtaining GPO Name, Guid, and SID](https://www.shellandco.net/blog/2014/02/04/get-the-gpo-name-guid-and-sid/)

### Abusing LAPS
- [Intro to LAPS](https://rastamouse.me/2018/03/laps---part-1/)
- [Abusing LAPS for persistence](https://rastamouse.me/2018/03/laps---part-2/)

## AD Tooling
### Bloodhound
- [Getting Started](https://github.com/BloodHoundAD/BloodHound/wiki/Getting-started)
- [Downloading Neo4j](https://neo4j.com/download/)
- [Installing Bloodhound in Kali](https://stealingthe.network/quick-guide-to-installing-bloodhound-in-kali-rolling/)
- [Using Bloodhound to map the Domain](https://hausec.com/2017/10/26/using-bloodhound-to-map-the-user-network/)
- [Cypher Query Cheetsheet](https://neo4j.com/docs/cypher-refcard/current/)

### Cobalt Strike
- [Beacons](https://www.cobaltstrike.com/help-beacon)
- [SMB Beacons](https://www.cobaltstrike.com/help-smb-beacon)
- [Pentesting with Cobalt Strike](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XVKRDSLxEeU&list=PL85B4C2D2703F3BBB)

## Attacking Active Directory
### Host Configuration Checks
- [Windows Enumeration](https://github.com/411Hall/JAWS)
- [Windows Exploits](https://github.com/bitsadmin/wesng)
- [Linux Enumeration](https://github.com/Z3R0th-13/LinEnum)

### User Enumeration
- [Office 365 User Enumeration](https://bitbucket.org/grimhacker/office365userenum/src/master/)
- [LDAP User Enumeration](https://github.com/sensepost/UserEnum)

### Active Directory
- [Procmon](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/downloads/procmon)
- [Sysinternals](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/downloads/)
- [Ping Castle](https://github.com/vletoux/pingcastle)
- [Rubues](https://github.com/GhostPack/Rubeus)
- [Sharp GPO Abuse](https://github.com/FSecureLABS/SharpGPOAbuse)
- [Awesome Collection of Pentesting Tools](https://github.com/mgeeky/Penetration-Testing-Tools/)

### Powershell Scipts
- [Run powershell with DLLs](https://github.com/p3nt4/PowerShdll)
- [AD Recon](https://github.com/PyroTek3/PowerShell-AD-Recon)
- [Federation Endpoint](https://github.com/NetSPI/PowerShell)
- [Get-SPN](https://gallery.technet.microsoft.com/scriptcenter/Get-SPN-Get-Service-3bd5524a)
- [Mail Sniper](https://github.com/dafthack/MailSniper)
- [o365 Recon](https://github.com/nyxgeek/o365recon)
- [Powerview](https://github.com/PowerShellMafia/PowerSploit/tree/dev/Recon)
- [Sharphound](https://github.com/BloodHoundAD/SharpHound)
- [Automated AD Lab Setup](https://outflank.nl/blog/2018/03/30/automated-ad-and-windows-test-lab-deployments-with-invoke-adlabdeployer/)

## Red Teaming
- [Setting up Red Team Infrastructure](https://github.com/bluscreenofjeff/Red-Team-Infrastructure-Wiki)
- [Red Team MindMap](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Dtqg0aKW4AQ48uT.jpg)
- [DarthSidious Book on Attacking AD](https://github.com/chryzsh/DarthSidious/)
- [Breaching the Perimeter](https://medium.com/@adam.toscher/top-five-ways-the-red-team-breached-the-external-perimeter-262f99dc9d17)
- [Red Teaming by Vincent Yiu](https://vincentyiu.com/red-team)

# Bug Bounties
- [How to Shot Web - 2015](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-FAjxUOKbdI&feature=youtu.be)
- [Bug Bounty Hunter Methodology V1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4ZHAdI8o1w)
- [Bug Bounty Hunter Methodology V2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qw1nNPiH_Go)
- [Bug Hunters Metholodogy - Book](https://github.com/jhaddix/tbhm)

# Threat Modelling
- [What is Threat Modelling](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Threat_model)
- [Threat Modelling Reference Guide](https://henryhoggard.co.uk/blog/Threat-Model-Reference-Guide)
- [Introduction to Threat Modelling](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GqmQg-cszw4&t=2411s)
- [Threat Modelling in 2019](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZoxHIpzaZ6U)
- [OWASP - Threat Modelling](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Category:Threat_Modeling)

### DrawIO
- [DrawIO for Threat Modelling](https://michenriksen.com/blog/drawio-for-threat-modeling/)
- [DrawIO DFD Model](https://github.com/michenriksen/drawio-threatmodeling)

# Cloud Pentesting
## Azure
- [AD Leaks via Azure](https://www.blackhillsinfosec.com/red-teaming-microsoft-part-1-active-directory-leaks-via-azure/)
- [Azure and Powershell](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/azure/install-az-ps?view=azps-2.7.0&viewFallbackFrom=azurermps-6.8.1)

# Web App and Web Services
- [What are Web Services](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Web_Services)
- [Beginners Guide to Web Services](http://www.guru99.com/webservice-testing-beginner-guide.html)
- [What is a web Service and How to Test it](http://www.softwaretestingclass.com/what-is-web-service-how-it-is-tested/)
- [Pentesting RESTful Web Services](https://www.slideshare.net/secfigo/pentesting-restful-webservices)
- [REST Web Services CheatSheet](https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/cheatsheets/REST_Assessment_Cheat_Sheet.html)
- [SmartBear Web Services Editor](https://support.smartbear.com/testcomplete/docs/app-testing/web/services/editor/index.html)
- [SoapUI Web Services Editor](https://www.soapui.org/tutorials/tutorial-data-driven-testing.html)

# Thick Client
- [Pentesting Thick Clients - Crash Course](https://www.slideshare.net/nullbind/thick-application-penetration-testing-crash-course)
- [Pentesting Thick Clients](https://www.slideshare.net/sanjucsrf/thick-client-application-security-assessment?next_slideshow=1)
- [Setting up a VPN with PPTP](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-setup-your-own-vpn-with-pptp)

### Thick Client Tools
- [Procmon](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-za/sysinternals/downloads/procmon)
- [ILSpy](https://github.com/icsharpcode/ILSpy)
- [DNSpy](https://github.com/0xd4d/dnSpy)
- [De4Dot](https://github.com/0xd4d/de4dot)

# ICS and OT
- [Know your ICS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7qNCU8_Wpc)
- [Attacks and Threats](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uSuHEhjhPE)
- [S4 Events](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5MdLu7ji_eyGiTfigk75lQ)
- [Risk Management and Executive Communication](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVVlDOxE1mE)
- [The ICS Cyber Kill Chain](https://www.sans.org/cyber-security-summit/archives/file/summit-archive-1493413730.pdf)

### SCADA
- [Pentesting SCADA](https://research.aurainfosec.io/scada-penetration-testing/)
- [Pentesting SCADA / DCS](https://www.sans.org/cyber-security-summit/archives/file/summit-archive-1493758822.pdf)
- [Discovering and Enumerating BACnet Devices](https://nmap.org/nsedoc/scripts/bacnet-info.html)
- [Collection of ICS/SCADA Resources](https://www.robertmlee.org/a-collection-of-resources-for-getting-started-in-icsscada-cybersecurity/)
- [Library of ICS Resources](https://www.scadahacker.com/library/index.html)

# Incident Response
### Digital Forensics and Incident Response
- [SANS DF and IR Blog](https://digital-forensics.sans.org/blog)
- [IR Tools and Resources](https://github.com/meirwah/awesome-incident-response)
- [Forensic Analysis Tools and Resources](https://github.com/cugu/awesome-forensics)
- [iOS and Mobile Forensics](https://salt4n6.com/)
- [The Definitive Compendium Project](https://aboutdfir.com)
- [DFIR Training](https://www.dfir.training)
- [Threat Hunting on Windows](https://www.slideshare.net/HuyKha2/cthow-cyber-threat-hunting-on-windows)
- [Threat Hunting on Windows v2.0](https://www.slideshare.net/HuyKha2/cthow-v20-cyber-threat-hunting-on-windows)

### DFIR Tools and Playbooks
- [Eric Zimmermans' Tools](https://ericzimmerman.github.io/#!index.md)
- [Incident Response Playbooks](https://www.incidentresponse.com/playbooks/)
- [A repository of Demisto Resources](https://www.demisto.com/resources/)
- [Incident Response Methodologies](https://github.com/certsocietegenerale/IRM)
- [DFIR Reources](https://github.com/The-Art-of-Hacking/h4cker/tree/master/dfir)
- [Flare VM -Fireeye](https://www.fireeye.com/services/freeware/flare-vm.html)
- [The Threat Hunters Playbook](https://github.com/Cyb3rWard0g/ThreatHunter-Playbook)
- [Collection of DFIR Training Tools](https://www.dfir.training/dfirtools/tools)
- [DFIR CheatSheet](https://www.jaiminton.com/cheatsheet/DFIR/)

### DFIR Search Engines
- [VirusTotal](https://www.virustotal.com)
- [Talos](https://talosintelligence.com/)
- [Hybrid Analysis](https://www.hybrid-analysis.com/)
- [PassiveTotal](https://community.riskiq.com/login)
- [Cryptolaemus](https://paste.cryptolaemus.com/)
- [PulseDive](https://pulsedive.com/)
- [AlienVault](https://www.alienvault.com)
- [Malshare](https://malshare.com/)

# Privilege Escalation
- [Windows Privilege Escalation Fundamentals](http://www.fuzzysecurity.com/tutorials/16.html)
- [Windows Privilege Escalation CheatSheet](http://it-ovid.blogspot.com/2012/02/windows-privilege-escalation.html?m=1)
- [Linux Enumeration & Privilege Escalation Cheatsheet](http://www.rebootuser.com/?p=1623#.VkIKBWdieWg)
- [Basic Linux Privilege Escalation](https://blog.g0tmi1k.com/2011/08/basic-linux-privilege-escalation/)
- [Pentesting CheatSheets](https://highon.coffee/blog/cheat-sheet/)
- [Exploiting Weak Folder Permissions](greyhathacker.net/?p=738)

# DNS Attacks
- [Attacking the Network Time Protocol](http://www.cs.bu.edu/~goldbe/papers/NTPattack.pdf)
- [How does DNS Tunneling Work](http://inside-out.xyz/technology/how-dns-tunneling-works.html)
- [Iodine](https://github.com/yarrick/iodine)
- [Detecting DNS Tunneling](https://www.sans.org/reading-room/whitepapers/dns/detecting-dns-tunneling-34152)

# Openshift
- [What is Openshift](https://www.openshift.com/)
- [OpenShift Best Practices](https://www.redhat.com/files/summit/session-assets/2018/S1030-Best-practices-for-OpenShift-high-availability-deployment-field-experience-Distribution.pdf)
- [Recommended Host Practices](ttps://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/3.6/scaling_performance/host_practices.html)
- [Openshift Enhancing RHEL](https://blog.openshift.com/openshift-protects-against-nasty-container-exploit/)

# Message Queue
- [What is IBM MQ](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSFKSJ_9.0.0/com.ibm.mq.pro.doc/q001020_.htm)
- [IBM MQ Security Overview](http://www.mqtechconference.com/sessions_v2017/MQTC_2017_IBM_MQ_Security-Overview.pdf)
- [Connection Authentication](www.mqtechconference.com/sessions_v2014/IBM_MQ_Connection_Authentication.pdf)
- [Connection Authentication & Channel Authentication Record interactions](https://www.ibm.com/developerworks/community/blogs/messaging/entry/Connection_Authentication_Channel_Authentication_interactions?lang=en)
- [A Pentesters Guide to Hacking ActiveMQ-Based JMS Applications](https://www.mcafee.com/us/resources/white-papers/foundstone/wp-pentesters-guide-hacking-activemq-jms-applications.pdf)
- [WebSphere MQ Security](https://labs.mwrinfosecurity.com/assets/BlogFiles/mwri-websphere-mq-security-white-paper-part1-2008-05-06.pdf)
- [WebSphere MQ 8.0 security deep dive](https://www.slideshare.net/MoragHughson/websphere-mq-v8-security-deep-dive)

### Message Queue and Broker Injection 
- [Broker and MQ Injection](https://www.slideshare.net/cr0hn/rootedcon-2016-broker-mq-injection)
- [Broker and MQ Injection - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NydCkS2xRYY)
- [Message Queue & Broker Injection tool](https://github.com/cr0hn/enteletaor)
- [Websphere MQ Message Formats](https://www.ibm.com/developerworks/websphere/library/techarticles/1001_xiao/1001_xiao.html)
- [Difference between MQ and Message Broker](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/19609705/difference-between-queue-manager-and-message-broker#19617774)
- [MQ PCF Programming](http://www.mqtechconference.com/sessions_v2015/MQ_PCF.pdf)
- [PCF Commands](https://middlewarenews.blogspot.co.za/2010/11/pcf-commands-middleware-news.html)
- [MQ Administration Interface (MQAI)](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSFKSJ_9.0.0/com.ibm.mq.adm.doc/q020070_.htm)

# Additional Interesting Resources
- [Wayback machine](web.archive.org)
- [Vulnhub](vulnhub.com)
- [SecurityNow Security Podcast](https://www.grc.com/securitynow.htm)
- [Attack Research - CarnalOwnage](http://carnal0wnage.attackresearch.com/)
- [Wargames](overthewire.org)

### Exploitation Resources
- [Wargames](http://pwnable.kr)
- [Fuzzy Security](http://fuzzysecurity.com)
- [Live Overflow](https://liveoverflow.com)
- [Cyber Campaigns](http://cybercampaigns.net)

### Cool Links
- [Hacking and Security FlipCards](http://hackingandsecurity.blogspot.com/2018/?view=flipcard)
- [Awesome Hacking Resources](https://github.com/vitalysim/Awesome-Hacking-Resources)
- [Payload All the Things](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings)
- [Bypassing AV with Golang](https://averagesecurityguy.github.io/2017/01/06/bypassing-av-with-golang/)
- [The Book of Secret Knowledge](https://github.com/trimstray/the-book-of-secret-knowledge)

# Follow Me

<img height="32" width="32" src="https://github.com/StackExchange/Stacks-Icons/blob/master/src/Icon/GitHub.svg" /> [Github: KyhleOhlinger](https://github.com/KyhleOhlinger)

<img height="32" width="32" src="https://github.com/StackExchange/Stacks-Icons/blob/master/src/Icon/LinkedIn.svg" /> [LinkedIn: Kyhle Ohlinger](https://za.linkedin.com/in/kyhleohlinger)

<img height="32" width="32" src="https://github.com/StackExchange/Stacks-Icons/blob/master/src/Icon/LogoGlyphMd.svg" /> [StackOverflow: Kyhle Ohlinger](https://stackoverflow.com/users/5114477/kyhle-ohlinger)

<img height="32" width="32" src="https://github.com/StackExchange/Stacks-Icons/blob/master/src/Icon/Twitter.svg" /> [Twitter: KyhleO](https://twitter.com/KyhleO)
